Checkmark NGFW - added install options to install policy (#433)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: checkpoint_ngfw/help.md

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|action|string|Drop|True|Action to take|['Accept', 'Drop', 'Ask', 'Inform', 'Reject', 'User Auth', 'Client Auth', 'Apply Layer']|Drop|
|destination|string|None|False|Destination network object name|None|192.168.2.1|
|discard_other_sessions|boolean|True|True|Discard all other user sessions. This can fix errors when objects are locked by other sessions|None|True|
|layer|string|Network|True|Layer to add this rule to|None|Network|
|list_of_services|[]string|None|False|List of services to block e.g. ["AOL", "SMTP"]|None|['AOL', 'SMTP']|
|name|string|None|True|Rule name|None|Malicious IP Addresses|

> |position|string|top|True|Position in the list of rules. e.g. top, bottom, 15|None|1|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|position|string|top|True|Position in the list of rules.  Can be a number or one of the words "top" or "bottom"|None|1|
```
If this field can be a number or string, I think listing all valid string values would be helpful.

Reviewer 2: Good find @tylerslijboom-r7
